because it's microsoft now only need to download
the price for those who are not
knowing microsoft went back and more
one thing now the kinect will not be
The console will come with
kinect but you do not need to connect with
he connected 24 hours every day if
redundancy even though you are not
connected with kinect to play
in the video game if you do not have
connected will lose some
features to be honest with
you is useless I had the kimono kinect
xbox and kinect I used it basically
a couple of times I've never used it
here it is and kinect and microsoft see with
this idea now is that you will have
to stay with kinect connected 400 hours
right to be able to be playing in the best
hypothesis to stay connected
to play with your xbox
and he gives you some perks some
news for example has recognition
facial that I already had but it was not so good
no in kinect in the previous version when
You change control, too.
that you switched control if this
person is registered
will know if you played to make that person
was to automatically sign in to the account
of course you will ask for the password and
everything but he recognizes that he can
recognize the person who is finally
control in the hand can even
recognize the control being changed from
hands
This is cool, another thing that goes too.
be possible it is possible to do it
with cnet being video calls in hd that
the kinect camera now a single camera
I really do not know if it was a
another a sensor but finally a camera
of this giant width that films in full
hd
then you can make calls with
excellent video quality of course
it depends on your connection to who
does not remember microsoft when it announced
the xbox
they said that the region lock is
You will not be able to make games sales.
used in this I could have and bought a
new car ie she could not change
your game with no one will he play your
once registered in that game console
can never be played in another
console now they changed this policy
following a little that the sony did was
totally the opposite he is not too
announce what you are playing for
You play on xbox and time to connect.
is connected 24 hours on the internet at
time to make a check in case of
once a day to be able to finally
I was the arm of your xbox back with
This also requires a check in the
time you buy and if you want too
but you need to check in at least
to register your xbox connect in your
live account everything else that they
they went back and now it was also the
kinect
What is now missing is the price the
price is still the same and not
They said nothing about it.
knows that playstation 4 is $ 100
cheaper than xbox it is true that the
xbox, this is the name many people call
of choroni but I think it's more beautiful
called ex you do not speak x box for
x-box i speak xbox so ex the year stays
cuter this is the name I gave
for ex the year and every day that passes I
I like the console more to be honest
with you I already like the interface that
he already showed a little defended already
the interface is really cool I like this
style but it is flex a bit more
medium interface , or those that they
revolutionary I think it's very cool and sony
It is also trying to copy you can see
may the holy house do one thing
similar because they squared everything
divided on the screen with the squares
anyway the metro interface is because
knows the windows 8 interface then
they're trying, I really am
starting to like the console
the problem now is the price do you think
that the price will go down if you think it's a
a question of going back too with price
one thing they also said was now
under control
the control of xbox hua nan is beautiful
really or one of the controls
I already liked xbox or xbox 360 eu
I think it is much more economical than
that ps3 did not fucking like it
I played on the pc with him everything, so I
I really like the economy of the
xbox control I have a finger at
large mondego and control is
much more tasty so it gets really tasty
on hand then xbox one the one
architects one of the creators of even the
control of the new control he said that
he said the following that control a
new control
he has that in hand is to be similar to
control because it's to give that
idea that they are part of the same
family understood that you did not get the
corinthians in pon it's all different this
It's something that's going to happen in the
playstation 4 because control of the
playstation 4 is completely different
of the playstation 3 control
so much so that soon after I think it's bigger
the xbox control of xbox one
the newest control of playstation 4
that xbox control the year if not me
deception is basically this is still going to be
a very different thing when you
because for those who do not remember the
shock has been keeping this whole size
is to be an economist for him long enough
and the country had a dream of the year and now they are going
change will revolutionize so will stay
a totally different thing to look like
that is not made of it or is not the
same video game
already the xbox is very different they will
want to maintain this economy and if this
Armadillo that you have of the xbox 360 that always
was highly praised was considered a
of the best controls for video games
of the generation is passed some still then
they want to keep good news for them
say that there are more than 40 new
new control even though it is similar
the triggers will have a stop that is
much beyond that I have to speak and to
take a look here the control trigger
he will have a stop that is very
cool, for example, he has a not me
I remember that but it's a counterweight.
in control that is a sound albums stealing
who are turning inside the streets ball
frozen ball does not actually
that keeps turning in there and he gives you
An idea of how I do not know
explaining this physically does not really
but I know for example accumulate stopped
here it starts to generate a side you go
feeling will only start to turn this is a
effect of fifa that he does there
in there even then he will have those
two steals here has to hit the xbox
360 but was not as accurate as this
but talk that it will be in the next
situation is for example you will do
a curve and you took it a bit from the
from the curb it in the car for example
you will feel the control pulling a
little on one side so this is very
It's nice this increase in mention so I
I never imagined that it would be possible for me
already had developed control
very well worked but did not know that
he could explore in this respect I
I find this a serious master's move
from microsoft
I do not know if he's going to have really going to have
But then when you 're playing there, it 's
something else in the trigger will also have
same mechanism as where you
need to play the fps you 're going to take
with a bazooka the trigger will stay is
but the sensitivity of the trigger goes
be different from what you take with
the pistol then said that the
producers will be able to exploit this type of
of presence control functionality
will take a bazooka the trigger is a
slightly heavier a trigger with 12
for example is a little more
different then the sensitivity of the
depending on the weapon you are going to use
She's going to change that.
heavier cars cars lighter to
accessibility will change
then the one with the master move on my
I think the control of xbox the
year will be very fuck I'm
really expecting enough just missing the
microsoft to lower this price than if it
download I buy on the release date
of xbox the year so long as they are good
Console war I think the two
will be again is two very consoles
Good, I 'm a game and win by nature.
I'm not a fanboy, I like a video game.
and one that they bring of novelty is the
people who wins is the consumer
now they have to lower the price to
people can enjoy it more and more
Anyway, these people, I hope.
that you liked if you liked the
video rock and jotinha the favorite
also the most important is
channel so you do not miss any
update recalled that it has entire video
second Wednesday and Friday that in the channel
I remember spending every day here
have new video that you're at
Will remember in your comment may
to exchange an idea, I try to answer
all comments as far as the
possible then I remember commenting
share this video on your networks
social google plus facebook and twitter and
can follow social networks also the
links or description here is worth
arrival there and then they also
So that's it folks I hope they have
liked in a big hug and even more
galley I went